hello everyone but I'm going to show you
a favorite game called Eden world
builder this is my favorite game how to
build now we're here am i right here
show you my whole place everything that
has to do with it I'd been working
really hard on it i also had my tripod
so i can use both my hands
it's my throne all my kingliness
is my lounge the big TV the time five
oops no what are you doing Jesus hard to
play when you're looking through the
camera screen oh my goodness hey hold on
hold on we need um material crap that
weight home oh and then we need wood and
then we press this little no doing
anyway no no oh ok we have some
technical difficulties when I 55 yeah
more showing you around leave that are
we doing oh yeah I stupid long shot nope
me doing
anyway select business
so let's go explore now what are you
doing just happens if you like panteon
tire exactly see achal explore hold on
her back shut up supposed to clean my
mic in one clean system cool
oops quit explore if nothing better to
do but explore the heck what is that
what look at the mustache like a monster
or stove honor yeah cool know what
they're doesn't make any sense but ok
wouldn't talk are you loading echo
anyway I also have the right minecraft
like minecraft Explorer which is really
fun actually I wonder what I have this
one doesn't have order to features a lot
of different things like what we're
gonna do today hon didn't inhale I wish
pop stuff no what do mean
I was very boring what was cool
a halt it's really straightforward just
game dr. pick ax cut tangi Valley gotcha
you got to unlimited cubes where am I be
straightforward so let's start working
my house oh wait I forgot to show you
this I'm gonna actually make this series
why not slow really slow serious only do
I like once a day or two or three and i
could start building stuff now it's my
watchtower own now okay would i be so
knowledged know normally I would set
that off so me just delete that let's go
home wherever home is where's home Holly
ready
and I don't know why do your heart ball
cuz its own like me gets into your heart
oh god no my goodness honey look disco
yeah but Roy don't like and training me
know she's know what well thank you for
watching everyone see that later next
video will we start building in 90
goodbye a boon